# ShapeWorld: FightLand - Version 1.0.0
Hello! After one year of development, ShapeWorld: FightLand has been finally released as an Early Access! The development of this game was pretty complicated but we managed to create our best game at this moment, this is the most stable and interesting game in the ShapeWorld series. So let's look at the new features together:

## Your player, your own color
In this new game, you can customize your character as you like, the very first time you enter the game, you will be asked for choosing a color for your character but don't worry, you will be able to change your character's color if you find a merchant with a "Color Changer".

## Power ups are back! but... in a different way
In the previous game (ShapeWorld: After Origins) you may find power ups scattered across the map, but since you can only use those power ups for a certain moment, we decided to add an inventory. In the inventory, you will find the objects and power ups that you bought in your adventure.

## Stores
In your adventure, you may find "sellers" that will sell you different items such as power ups. Every seller will sell you different things so you should keep an eye on every seller you will find in your adventure.

Also, you can buy "generic" items such as life regenerators, speed power ups and jump power ups in the generic store located in the pause menu.

## Quickly move throughout the map!
Since we wanted to make this game feel more dynamic and fun to play, we added "grab points", a new mechanic that allows you to "grab" an object and get pushed to it. You should play this game to understand better how it works.

## The story
The main story is one of the main elements of this game (since you progress through the entire map by playing the story), in this new story, you will be a Square that was selected as part of a recognition team, in your adventure, you will experience many events that may lead to the destruction of ShapeWorld, so pay attention to the details and elements of the story. In the version 1.0.0, you will only experience the half of the full story, this first half of the story will be the "introduction" of the final act of the ShapeWorld series, so look forward to the story in the future.

# The future
In the future, we will keep updating the game and adding new content, the new story will be available in future versions since we're now focusing on fixing bugs and adding more details for the game.

Please look forward to this game in the future. You can find more news and development logs in our [social media](https://linktr.ee/pixelbarrels).
